Add debugger release note for swan-lake-beta1 (#2197)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-beta1/RELEASE_NOTE.md

- 

#### Developer Tools

##### Debugger

> - Added remote debug support with the executable JAR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added remote debug support with the executable JAR
```

Author: Done

> - Added remote debug support with the executable JAR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added remote debugging support for Ballerina executable JAR run command.
```

Reviewer: How about saying "Added remote debugging support for the creation/generation of the Ballerina executable JAR." since debugging support is not for the run command?

Reviewer 2: @praneesha Remote debugging support is not related to the creation/generation of the Ballerina executable JAR like you have mentioned. It is bound with the ballerina command which runs the created JAR.

Reviewer: Then, how about saying: "Added remote debugging support for the command, which runs the Ballerina executable JAR."?

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/2197/commits/0b5acefc50bac6542f271cb41574a1402d95fd0d

> - Added support to debug a single test case with Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to debug a single test case with Visual Studio Code
```

Author: Done.

> - Added support to debug a single test case with Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for debugging Ballerina individual tests in Visual Studio Code.
```

Reviewer: How about saying: "Added support for debugging single Ballerina tests in Visual Studio Code."?

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/2197/commits/0b5acefc50bac6542f271cb41574a1402d95fd0d
